Wjh/ptl 1534: Site specific changes to config (#1829)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: docs/03_server/01_configuring-runtime/02_system-definitions.mdx

* **Host**: In this section you can define the properties of the host or hosts (if running in a cluster environment). A Host block can only exist under the system section, as you can see in the above example.
 The host name defines what environment you are running in. By default, only one host will be used and you must set its value to the hostname of the current machine.

> This hierarchy enables you to specify multiple environments for devolpment. You can specify separate DEV and UAT environments, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hierarchy enables you to specify multiple environments where your application can be deployed. You can specify separate DEV and UAT environments, for example.
```
